Update docs to reflect v1 feature set (#99)
kubernetes-sigs/seccomp-operator: installation-usage.md

> - Enabling `ConfigMap`s to store seccomp profiles.
> - Synchronizing seccomp profiles across all worker nodes.
> - Validate if a node supports seccomp and do not synchronize if not.
> - Validate if a profile is syntactical correct and do not synchronize if not.

Reviewer: nit: we could keep all sentences on the same tense, by removing the present continuous from the first two:

```suggestion
- Enable `ConfigMap`s to store seccomp profiles.
- Synchronize seccomp profiles across all worker nodes.
- Validate if a node supports seccomp and do not synchronize if not.
- Validate if a profile is syntactically correct and do not synchronize if not.
```

Author: Adapted as suggested :+1:
